KAFKA-16416: Use NetworkClientTest to replace RequestResponseTest to be the example of log4j output (#15596)
apache/kafka: README.md

    ./gradlew clients:test --tests org.apache.kafka.clients.MetadataTest.testTimeToNextUpdate

### Running a particular unit/integration test with log4j output ###

> By default, there will be only small number of logs output while testing. You can adjust it by changing the `log4j.properties` in the test project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, there will be only small number of logs output while testing. You can adjust it by changing the `log4j.properties` file in the module's `src/test/resources` directory.
```

> For example, if you want to see more logs for clients project tests, you can modify the line in `clients/src/test/resources/log4j.properties` 

Reviewer 2: How adding the link: https://github.com/apache/kafka/blob/trunk/clients/src/test/resources/log4j.properties#L21

Author: I haven't thought about this, thanks for the advise!

to `log4j.logger.org.apache.kafka=INFO` and then run:
    
    ./gradlew cleanTest clients:test --tests NetworkClientTest   

> And you should see `INFO` level logs in the file under the `./clients/build/test-results/test` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you should see `INFO` level logs in the file under the `clients/build/test-results/test` directory.
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing my PR and giving the suggestion! Have revised as suggested

### Running a particular unit/integration test with log4j output ###

> Change the log4j setting in either `clients/src/test/resources/log4j.properties` or `core/src/test/resources/log4j.properties`

Reviewer 3: I think there are many other `log4j.properties` needed to be modified if you are running tests for that project, not just these 2 files. For example, when you are running tests in `TopicCommandTest`, you should update: `tools/src/test/resources/log4j.properties`, instead of the files listed here. I'm thinking we should rephrase it to a more general way. Maybe:

By default, there will be only small number of logs output while testing. You can adjust it by changing the `log4j.properties` in the test project directory. 
For example, if you want to see more logs for clients project tests, you can modify the line in `clients/src/test/resources/log4j.properties` to `log4j.logger.org.apache.kafka=INFO` and then run: ....

WDYT?

Author: Thanks for reviewing my PR!
Agree with you that the original phrase is a bit unclear and misleading. I think the version you suggested is much clearer and easy to understand, let me revise base on that!

For example, you can modify the line in `clients/src/test/resources/log4j.properties` to `log4j.logger.org.apache.kafka=INFO` and then run:
    

>     ./gradlew cleanTest clients:test --tests NetworkClientTest --info   

Reviewer 2: `--info` will output gradle-related logs. That is unnecessary since all we want to observe is the kafka-related logs.

Author: I see, I add the `--info`  is because I want the user could also see logs on the console directly agree it do print out lots of info though...
